493

When was the lease entered into? What’s the remaining lease term at exit?
What was the purpose of the amortisation holiday to April 26?
Are there any conditions around the guarantee or can it be called following any default?
Does the loan cross-default with any other financing in the company?
 

513

Was the property completely vacant when refurbished in 2023? Was it a comprehensive refurbishment?
How long did it take to get back to 100% occupancy?
What does it mean that there’s a 1st mortgage right of 10m to be increased with 40% for costs and interest?
There are a couple of leases up for expiry/break in 2026 – has there been any noise about tenants looking vacate?
 

516

What’s the VPV of the asset? Based on current rent it’s 52.5m but I assume the 61m figure from ERV assumes income is being paid? What were the assumptions behind how long and how much it costs to relet assuming the tenant goes bust?
How specialised are these units? Are they fit for other tenant use or does it only work for the subject tenant? What are the reletting assumptions if we lose the tenant?
In the loan structure the repayment is described as EUR 270k plus excess cash flow. Is that a full cash sweep of all rent after interest and the fixed amortisation? Is the rent the only source of cash available to the deal?
The only party to the guarantee is the group itself? There’s no 3rd parties who can support that if the company goes under?
Has the sale of the units to retire the remaining QSix loan completed?
Are we looking at the same PropCo as QSix or is this a clean SPV for the RAX financing?
Are the QSix units on site or elsewhere?
Can you share the RAX underwriting of the company financials and RAX forecast performance?
 

517

What was the source of cash for the 1.25m paydown made prior to loan transfer?
Is the bridge to development Plan A or is that the backstop to tenants beginning to vacate? How long to VPV if the redevelopment angle is pursued?
A value of 16.6m and rent roll of 2.3m reflects a 13.7% cap rate – is that accurate? Why so wide?